Registers the debuggee with the controller service.

All agents attached to the same application must call this method with
exactly the same request content to get back the same stable `debuggee_id`.
Agents should call this method again whenever `google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND`
is returned from any controller method.

This protocol allows the controller service to disable debuggees, recover
from data loss, or change the `debuggee_id` format. Agents must handle
`debuggee_id` value changing upon re-registration.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud_debugger*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `clouddebugger2 --scope <scope> controller debuggees-register ...`
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
RegisterDebuggeeRequest:
  debuggee:
    agent-version: string
    description: string
    id: string
    is-disabled: boolean
    is-inactive: boolean
    labels: { string: string }
    project: string
    status:
      description:
        format: string
        parameters: [string]
      is-error: boolean
      refers-to: string
    uniquifier: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .debuggee    agent-version=aliquyam`
    - Version ID of the agent.
        Schema: `domain/language-platform/vmajor.minor` (for example
        `google.com/java-gcp/v1.1`).
* `description=ea`
    - Human readable description of the debuggee.
        Including a human-readable project name, environment name and version
        information is recommended.
* `id=no`
    - Unique identifier for the debuggee generated by the controller service.
* `is-disabled=true`
    - If set to `true`, indicates that the agent should disable itself and
        detach from the debuggee.
* `is-inactive=true`
    - If set to `true`, indicates that Controller service does not detect any
        activity from the debuggee agents and the application is possibly stopped.
* `labels=key=et`
    - A set of custom debuggee properties, populated by the agent, to be
        displayed to the user.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `project=et`
    - Project the debuggee is associated with.
        Use project number or id when registering a Google Cloud Platform project.
* `status.description    format=diam`
    - Format template for the message. The `format` uses placeholders `$0`,
        `$1`, etc. to reference parameters. `$$` can be used to denote the `$`
        character.
        
        Examples:
        
        *   `Failed to load &#39;$0&#39; which helps debug $1 the first time it
            is loaded.  Again, $0 is very important.`
        *   `Please pay $$10 to use $0 instead of $1.`
* `parameters=ipsum`
    - Optional parameters to be embedded into the message.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.

* `..    is-error=true`
    - Distinguishes errors from informational messages.
* `refers-to=et`
    - Reference to which the message applies.

* `..    uniquifier=duo`
    - Uniquifier to further distiguish the application.
        It is possible that different applications might have identical values in
        the debuggee message, thus, incorrectly identified as a single application
        by the Controller service. This field adds salt to further distiguish the
        application. Agents should consider seeding this field with value that
        identifies the code, binary, configuration and environment.



### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p $-xgafv=string**
    - V1 error format.

* **-p access-token=string**
    - OAuth access token.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for response.

* **-p callback=string**
    - JSONP

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p upload-type=string**
    - Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;media&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).

* **-p upload-protocol=string**
    - Upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;raw&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).
