Updates a deployment and all of the resources described by the deployment manifest.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/ndev.cloudman*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `deploymentmanager2-beta2 --scope <scope> deployments update ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - The project ID for this request.
* **&lt;deployment&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the deployment for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Deployment:
  description: string
  fingerprint: string
  id: string
  insert-time: string
  intent: string
  manifest: string
  name: string
  state: string
  target:
    config: string
  update:
    errors: [string]
    manifest: string
  update-time: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    description=et`
    - An optional user-provided description of the deployment.
* `fingerprint=diam`
    - Specifies a fingerprint for update() requests. A fingerprint is a randomly generated value that must be provided in update() requests to perform optimistic locking. This ensures optimistic concurrency so that only one update can be performed at a time. The fingerprint is initially generated by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. To get the latest fingerprint value, perform a get() request to a deployment.
* `id=ipsum`
    - [Output Only] Unique identifier for the resource; defined by the server.
* `insert-time=lorem`
    - [Output Only] Timestamp when the deployment was created, in RFC3339 text format .
* `intent=et`
    - [Input Only] Specifies how Deployment Manager should apply this template. Possible options are PREVIEW, UPDATE, and CANCEL.
        
        PREVIEW creates a deployment and creates &#34;shell&#34; resources but does not actually instantiate these resources. This allows you to preview what your deployment looks like. You can use this intent to preview updates to deployments or preview new deployments. You must provide a target.config with a configuration for this intent. After previewing a deployment, you can deploy your resources by making a request with the UPDATE intent or you can CANCEL the preview altogether. Note that the deployment will still exist after you cancel the preview and you must separately delete this deployment if you want to remove it.
        
        UPDATE performs an update to the underlying resources in a deployment. If you provide a populated target.config field with this request, Deployment Manager uses that configuration to perform an update. If you had previewed this update beforehand, and do not supply a target.config or provide an empty target.config, Deployment Manager uses the last previewed configuration.
        
        CANCEL cancels an update that is in PREVIEW or UPDATE but does not undo any changes already made.
* `manifest=duo`
    - [Output Only] URL of the manifest representing the last manifest that was successfully deployed.
* `name=aliquyam`
    - Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `state=sea`
    - [Output Only] The current state of the deployment. This can be DEPLOYED, DEPLOYMENT_FAILED, PREVIEWING, UPDATING, and CANCELING.
* `target    config=lorem`
    - The configuration to use for this deployment.

* `..update    errors=eos`
    - [Output Only] List of all errors encountered while trying to enact the update.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `manifest=erat`
    - [Output Only] URL of the manifest representing the update configuration of this deployment.

* `..    update-time=sadipscing`
    - [Output Only] Timestamp when the deployment was updated, in RFC3339 text format .


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p delete-policy=string**
    - Sets the policy to use for deleting resources.

* **-p update-policy=string**
    - Sets the policy to use for updating resources.

* **-p create-policy=string**
    - Sets the policy to use for creating new resources.

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters. Overrides userIp if both are provided.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - IP address of the site where the request originates. Use this if you want to enforce per-user limits.
