Downloads a caption track. The caption track is returned in its original format unless the request specifies a value for the tfmt parameter and in its original language unless the request specifies a value for the tlang parameter.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/youtube.force-ssl*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/youtubepartner*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/youtube.force-ssl*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `youtube3 --scope <scope> captions download ...`
# Required Scalar Argument
* **&lt;id&gt;** *(string)*
    - The id parameter identifies the caption track that is being retrieved. The value is a caption track ID as identified by the id property in a caption resource.

# Optional Output Flags


The method's return value is a byte stream of the downloadable resource.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a byte stream of the downloadable resource.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p tlang=string**
    - The tlang parameter specifies that the API response should return a translation of the specified caption track. The parameter value is an ISO 639-1 two-letter language code that identifies the desired caption language. The translation is generated by using machine translation, such as Google Translate.

* **-p on-behalf-of-content-owner=string**
    - Note: This parameter is intended exclusively for YouTube content partners.
        
        The onBehalfOfContentOwner parameter indicates that the request&#39;s authorization credentials identify a YouTube CMS user who is acting on behalf of the content owner specified in the parameter value. This parameter is intended for YouTube content partners that own and manage many different YouTube channels. It allows content owners to authenticate once and get access to all their video and channel data, without having to provide authentication credentials for each individual channel. The actual CMS account that the user authenticates with must be linked to the specified YouTube content owner.

* **-p tfmt=string**
    - The tfmt parameter specifies that the caption track should be returned in a specific format. If the parameter is not included in the request, the track is returned in its original format.

* **-p on-behalf-of=string**
    - ID of the Google+ Page for the channel that the request is be on behalf of

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
