Creates an enterprise. This is the last step in the enterprise signup flow.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for the *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/androidmanagement* scope to make a valid call.

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/androidmanagement*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `androidmanagement1 --scope <scope> enterprises create ...`
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Enterprise:
  app-auto-approval-enabled: boolean
  enabled-notification-types: [string]
  enterprise-display-name: string
  logo:
    sha256-hash: string
    url: string
  name: string
  primary-color: integer
  pubsub-topic: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    app-auto-approval-enabled=true`
    - Deprecated and unused.
* `enabled-notification-types=sit`
    - The types of Google Pub/Sub notifications enabled for the enterprise.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `enterprise-display-name=stet`
    - The name of the enterprise displayed to users.
* `logo    sha256-hash=sed`
    - The base-64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the content hosted at url. If the content doesn&#39;t match this hash, Android Device Policy won&#39;t use the data.
* `url=et`
    - The absolute URL to the data, which must use either the http or https scheme. Android Device Policy doesn&#39;t provide any credentials in the GET request, so the URL must be publicly accessible. Including a long, random component in the URL may be used to prevent attackers from discovering the URL.

* `..    name=dolores`
    - The name of the enterprise which is generated by the server during creation, in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}.
* `primary-color=38`
    - A color in RGB format that indicates the predominant color to display in the device management app UI. The color components are stored as follows: (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | blue, where the value of each component is between 0 and 255, inclusive.
* `pubsub-topic=accusam`
    - The topic that Cloud Pub/Sub notifications are published to, in the form projects/{project}/topics/{topic}. This field is only required if Pub/Sub notifications are enabled.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p project-id=string**
    - The ID of the Google Cloud Platform project which will own the enterprise.

* **-p signup-url-name=string**
    - The name of the SignupUrl used to sign up for the enterprise.

* **-p enterprise-token=string**
    - The enterprise token appended to the callback URL.

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p $-xgafv=string**
    - V1 error format.

* **-p access-token=string**
    - OAuth access token.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for response.

* **-p callback=string**
    - JSONP

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p upload-type=string**
    - Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;media&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).

* **-p upload-protocol=string**
    - Upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;raw&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).
