Issues a command to a device. The Operation resource returned contains a Command in its metadata field. Use the get operation method to get the status of the command.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for the *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/androidmanagement* scope to make a valid call.

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/androidmanagement*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `androidmanagement1 --scope <scope> enterprises devices-issue-command ...`
# Required Scalar Argument
* **&lt;name&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the device in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/devices/{deviceId}.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Command:
  create-time: string
  duration: string
  error-code: string
  new-password: string
  reset-password-flags: [string]
  type: string
  user-name: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    create-time=takimata`
    - The timestamp at which the command was created. The timestamp is automatically generated by the server.
* `duration=justo`
    - The duration for which the command is valid. The command will expire if not executed by the device during this time. The default duration if unspecified is ten minutes. There is no maximum duration.
* `error-code=amet.`
    - If the command failed, an error code explaining the failure. This is not set when the command is cancelled by the caller.
* `new-password=erat`
    - For commands of type RESET_PASSWORD, optionally specifies the new password.
* `reset-password-flags=labore`
    - For commands of type RESET_PASSWORD, optionally specifies flags.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `type=sea`
    - The type of the command.
* `user-name=nonumy`
    - The resource name of the user that owns the device in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/users/{userId}. This is automatically generated by the server based on the device the command is sent to.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p $-xgafv=string**
    - V1 error format.

* **-p access-token=string**
    - OAuth access token.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for response.

* **-p callback=string**
    - JSONP

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p upload-type=string**
    - Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;media&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).

* **-p upload-protocol=string**
    - Upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;raw&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).
