Updates an endpoint. This method supports patch semantics.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/ndev.cloudman*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `serviceregistryalpha --scope <scope> endpoints patch ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - The project ID for this request.
* **&lt;endpoint&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the endpoint for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Endpoint:
  address: string
  creation-timestamp: string
  description: string
  fingerprint: string
  id: string
  name: string
  port: integer
  self-link: string
  state: string
  visibility:
    networks: [string]

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    address=amet.`
    - A user-provided address of the service represented by this endpoint. This can be an IPv4 or IPv6 address, or a hostname.
* `creation-timestamp=erat`
    - [Output Only] Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `description=labore`
    - An optional user-provided description of the endpoint.
* `fingerprint=sea`
    - Supply the fingerprint value for update requests. The fingerprint value is generated by the server and ensures optimistic concurrency (so that only one update can be performed at a time). The fingerprint changes after each update.
* `id=nonumy`
    - [Output Only] Unique identifier for the resource; defined by the server.
* `name=dolores`
    - A user-provided name of the endpoint, which must be unique within the project. The name must comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `port=40`
    - An optional user-provided port of the service represented by this endpoint.
* `self-link=sadipscing`
    - [Output Only] Self link for the endpoint.
* `state=aliquyam`
    - [Output Only] The current state of the endpoint, as determined by the system.
* `visibility    networks=ea`
    - Google Compute Engine networks for which the name of this endpoint should be resolvable through DNS.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.



### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters. Overrides userIp if both are provided.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - IP address of the site where the request originates. Use this if you want to enforce per-user limits.
