Creates a persistent disk in the specified project using the data in the request. You can create a disk with a sourceImage, a sourceSnapshot, or create an empty 500 GB data disk by omitting all properties. You can also create a disk that is larger than the default size by specifying the sizeGb property.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> disks insert ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
* **&lt;zone&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the zone for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Disk:
  creation-timestamp: string
  description: string
  disk-encryption-key:
    kms-key-name: string
    raw-key: string
    sha256: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  label-fingerprint: string
  labels: { string: string }
  last-attach-timestamp: string
  last-detach-timestamp: string
  license-codes: [string]
  licenses: [string]
  name: string
  options: string
  region: string
  replica-zones: [string]
  self-link: string
  size-gb: string
  source-image: string
  source-image-encryption-key:
    kms-key-name: string
    raw-key: string
    sha256: string
  source-image-id: string
  source-snapshot: string
  source-snapshot-encryption-key:
    kms-key-name: string
    raw-key: string
    sha256: string
  source-snapshot-id: string
  status: string
  type: string
  users: [string]
  zone: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    creation-timestamp=aliquyam`
    - [Output Only] Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `description=elitr`
    - An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
* `disk-encryption-key    kms-key-name=ea`
    - The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
* `raw-key=et`
    - Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
* `sha256=stet`
    - [Output only] The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied encryption key that protects this resource.

* `..    id=sed`
    - [Output Only] The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.
* `kind=dolor`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#disk for disks.
* `label-fingerprint=sanctus`
    - A fingerprint for the labels being applied to this disk, which is essentially a hash of the labels set used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update labels. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change labels.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make a get() request to retrieve a disk.
* `labels=key=dolore`
    - Labels to apply to this disk. These can be later modified by the setLabels method.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `last-attach-timestamp=lorem`
    - [Output Only] Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `last-detach-timestamp=consetetur`
    - [Output Only] Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `license-codes=consetetur`
    - Integer license codes indicating which licenses are attached to this disk.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `licenses=eirmod`
    - A list of publicly visible licenses. Reserved for Google&#39;s use.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `name=labore`
    - Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `options=gubergren`
    - Internal use only.
* `region=et`
    - [Output Only] URL of the region where the disk resides. Only applicable for regional resources. You must specify this field as part of the HTTP request URL. It is not settable as a field in the request body.
* `replica-zones=sadipscing`
    - URLs of the zones where the disk should be replicated to. Only applicable for regional resources.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `self-link=accusam`
    - [Output Only] Server-defined fully-qualified URL for this resource.
* `size-gb=magna`
    - Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this field when creating a persistent disk using the sourceImage or sourceSnapshot parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty persistent disk.
        
        If you specify this field along with sourceImage or sourceSnapshot, the value of sizeGb must not be less than the size of the sourceImage or the size of the snapshot. Acceptable values are 1 to 65536, inclusive.
* `source-image=lorem`
    - The source image used to create this disk. If the source image is deleted, this field will not be set.
        
        To create a disk with one of the public operating system images, specify the image by its family name. For example, specify family/debian-9 to use the latest Debian 9 image:
        projects/debian-cloud/global/images/family/debian-9
        
        
        Alternatively, use a specific version of a public operating system image:
        projects/debian-cloud/global/images/debian-9-stretch-vYYYYMMDD
        
        
        To create a disk with a custom image that you created, specify the image name in the following format:
        global/images/my-custom-image
        
        
        You can also specify a custom image by its image family, which returns the latest version of the image in that family. Replace the image name with family/family-name:
        global/images/family/my-image-family
* `source-image-encryption-key    kms-key-name=rebum.`
    - The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
* `raw-key=et`
    - Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
* `sha256=clita`
    - [Output only] The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied encryption key that protects this resource.

* `..    source-image-id=eos`
    - [Output Only] The ID value of the image used to create this disk. This value identifies the exact image that was used to create this persistent disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from an image that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source image ID would identify the exact version of the image that was used.
* `source-snapshot=dolores`
    - The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource. For example, the following are valid values:  
        - https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot 
        - projects/project/global/snapshots/snapshot 
        - global/snapshots/snapshot
* `source-snapshot-encryption-key    kms-key-name=vero`
    - The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
* `raw-key=consetetur`
    - Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
* `sha256=vero`
    - [Output only] The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied encryption key that protects this resource.

* `..    source-snapshot-id=consetetur`
    - [Output Only] The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was used.
* `status=eos`
    - [Output Only] The status of disk creation.
* `type=justo`
    - URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk. For example: project/zones/zone/diskTypes/pd-standard or pd-ssd
* `users=tempor`
    - [Output Only] Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form: project/zones/zone/instances/instance
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `zone=gubergren`
    - [Output Only] URL of the zone where the disk resides. You must specify this field as part of the HTTP request URL. It is not settable as a field in the request body.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p source-image=string**
    - Optional. Source image to restore onto a disk.

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
