Creates an instance group in the specified project using the parameters that are included in the request.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> instance-groups insert ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
* **&lt;zone&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the zone where you want to create the instance group.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
InstanceGroup:
  creation-timestamp: string
  description: string
  fingerprint: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  name: string
  network: string
  region: string
  self-link: string
  size: integer
  subnetwork: string
  zone: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    creation-timestamp=ipsum`
    - [Output Only] The creation timestamp for this instance group in RFC3339 text format.
* `description=clita`
    - An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
* `fingerprint=clita`
    - [Output Only] The fingerprint of the named ports. The system uses this fingerprint to detect conflicts when multiple users change the named ports concurrently.
* `id=stet`
    - [Output Only] A unique identifier for this instance group, generated by the server.
* `kind=ut`
    - [Output Only] The resource type, which is always compute#instanceGroup for instance groups.
* `name=et`
    - The name of the instance group. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
* `network=tempor`
    - The URL of the network to which all instances in the instance group belong.
* `region=sed`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the region where the instance group is located (for regional resources).
* `self-link=voluptua.`
    - [Output Only] The URL for this instance group. The server generates this URL.
* `size=75`
    - [Output Only] The total number of instances in the instance group.
* `subnetwork=dolor`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the subnetwork to which all instances in the instance group belong.
* `zone=vero`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the zone where the instance group is located (for zonal resources).


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
