Creates an instance resource in the specified project using the data included in the request.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> instances insert ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
* **&lt;zone&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the zone for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Instance:
  can-ip-forward: boolean
  cpu-platform: string
  creation-timestamp: string
  deletion-protection: boolean
  description: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  label-fingerprint: string
  labels: { string: string }
  machine-type: string
  metadata:
    fingerprint: string
    kind: string
  min-cpu-platform: string
  name: string
  scheduling:
    automatic-restart: boolean
    on-host-maintenance: string
    preemptible: boolean
  self-link: string
  start-restricted: boolean
  status: string
  status-message: string
  tags:
    fingerprint: string
    items: [string]
  zone: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    can-ip-forward=false`
    - Allows this instance to send and receive packets with non-matching destination or source IPs. This is required if you plan to use this instance to forward routes. For more information, see Enabling IP Forwarding.
* `cpu-platform=ipsum`
    - [Output Only] The CPU platform used by this instance.
* `creation-timestamp=sadipscing`
    - [Output Only] Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `deletion-protection=true`
    - Whether the resource should be protected against deletion.
* `description=eos`
    - An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
* `id=dolor`
    - [Output Only] The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.
* `kind=lorem`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#instance for instances.
* `label-fingerprint=amet`
    - A fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the label&#39;s contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update labels. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change labels.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make get() request to the instance.
* `labels=key=lorem`
    - Labels to apply to this instance. These can be later modified by the setLabels method.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `machine-type=kasd`
    - Full or partial URL of the machine type resource to use for this instance, in the format: zones/zone/machineTypes/machine-type. This is provided by the client when the instance is created. For example, the following is a valid partial url to a predefined machine type:
        zones/us-central1-f/machineTypes/n1-standard-1
        
        
        To create a custom machine type, provide a URL to a machine type in the following format, where CPUS is 1 or an even number up to 32 (2, 4, 6, ... 24, etc), and MEMORY is the total memory for this instance. Memory must be a multiple of 256 MB and must be supplied in MB (e.g. 5 GB of memory is 5120 MB):
        zones/zone/machineTypes/custom-CPUS-MEMORY
        
        
        For example: zones/us-central1-f/machineTypes/custom-4-5120 
        
        For a full list of restrictions, read the Specifications for custom machine types.
* `metadata    fingerprint=nonumy`
    - Specifies a fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the metadata&#39;s contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update metadata. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change metadata.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make a get() request to retrieve the resource.
* `kind=dolor`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#metadata for metadata.

* `..    min-cpu-platform=diam`
    - Specifies a minimum CPU platform for the VM instance. Applicable values are the friendly names of CPU platforms, such as minCpuPlatform: &#34;Intel Haswell&#34; or minCpuPlatform: &#34;Intel Sandy Bridge&#34;.
* `name=no`
    - The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially creating the resource. The resource name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `scheduling    automatic-restart=true`
    - Specifies whether the instance should be automatically restarted if it is terminated by Compute Engine (not terminated by a user). You can only set the automatic restart option for standard instances. Preemptible instances cannot be automatically restarted.
        
        By default, this is set to true so an instance is automatically restarted if it is terminated by Compute Engine.
* `on-host-maintenance=dolor`
    - Defines the maintenance behavior for this instance. For standard instances, the default behavior is MIGRATE. For preemptible instances, the default and only possible behavior is TERMINATE. For more information, see Setting Instance Scheduling Options.
* `preemptible=true`
    - Defines whether the instance is preemptible. This can only be set during instance creation, it cannot be set or changed after the instance has been created.

* `..    self-link=ipsum`
    - [Output Only] Server-defined URL for this resource.
* `start-restricted=true`
    - [Output Only] Whether a VM has been restricted for start because Compute Engine has detected suspicious activity.
* `status=aliquyam`
    - [Output Only] The status of the instance. One of the following values: PROVISIONING, STAGING, RUNNING, STOPPING, STOPPED, SUSPENDING, SUSPENDED, and TERMINATED.
* `status-message=lorem`
    - [Output Only] An optional, human-readable explanation of the status.
* `tags    fingerprint=dolores`
    - Specifies a fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the tags&#39; contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update tags. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change tags.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make get() request to the instance.
* `items=dolores`
    - An array of tags. Each tag must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.

* `..    zone=accusam`
    - [Output Only] URL of the zone where the instance resides. You must specify this field as part of the HTTP request URL. It is not settable as a field in the request body.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p source-instance-template=string**
    - Specifies instance template to create the instance.
        
        This field is optional. It can be a full or partial URL. For example, the following are all valid URLs to an instance template:  
        - https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/instanceTemplates/instanceTemplate 
        - projects/project/global/instanceTemplates/instanceTemplate 
        - global/instanceTemplates/instanceTemplate

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
