Creates an instance template in the specified project using the data that is included in the request. If you are creating a new template to update an existing instance group, your new instance template must use the same network or, if applicable, the same subnetwork as the original template.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> instance-templates insert ...`
# Required Scalar Argument
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
InstanceTemplate:
  creation-timestamp: string
  description: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  name: string
  properties:
    can-ip-forward: boolean
    description: string
    labels: { string: string }
    machine-type: string
    metadata:
      fingerprint: string
      kind: string
    min-cpu-platform: string
    scheduling:
      automatic-restart: boolean
      on-host-maintenance: string
      preemptible: boolean
    tags:
      fingerprint: string
      items: [string]
  self-link: string
  source-instance: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    creation-timestamp=dolore`
    - [Output Only] The creation timestamp for this instance template in RFC3339 text format.
* `description=stet`
    - An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
* `id=et`
    - [Output Only] A unique identifier for this instance template. The server defines this identifier.
* `kind=labore`
    - [Output Only] The resource type, which is always compute#instanceTemplate for instance templates.
* `name=amet`
    - Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `properties    can-ip-forward=true`
    - Enables instances created based on this template to send packets with source IP addresses other than their own and receive packets with destination IP addresses other than their own. If these instances will be used as an IP gateway or it will be set as the next-hop in a Route resource, specify true. If unsure, leave this set to false. See the Enable IP forwarding documentation for more information.
* `description=dolore`
    - An optional text description for the instances that are created from this instance template.
* `labels=key=dolor`
    - Labels to apply to instances that are created from this template.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `machine-type=ipsum`
    - The machine type to use for instances that are created from this template.
* `metadata    fingerprint=et`
    - Specifies a fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the metadata&#39;s contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update metadata. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change metadata.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make a get() request to retrieve the resource.
* `kind=kasd`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#metadata for metadata.

* `..    min-cpu-platform=sed`
    - Minimum cpu/platform to be used by this instance. The instance may be scheduled on the specified or newer cpu/platform. Applicable values are the friendly names of CPU platforms, such as minCpuPlatform: &#34;Intel Haswell&#34; or minCpuPlatform: &#34;Intel Sandy Bridge&#34;. For more information, read Specifying a Minimum CPU Platform.
* `scheduling    automatic-restart=true`
    - Specifies whether the instance should be automatically restarted if it is terminated by Compute Engine (not terminated by a user). You can only set the automatic restart option for standard instances. Preemptible instances cannot be automatically restarted.
        
        By default, this is set to true so an instance is automatically restarted if it is terminated by Compute Engine.
* `on-host-maintenance=diam`
    - Defines the maintenance behavior for this instance. For standard instances, the default behavior is MIGRATE. For preemptible instances, the default and only possible behavior is TERMINATE. For more information, see Setting Instance Scheduling Options.
* `preemptible=true`
    - Defines whether the instance is preemptible. This can only be set during instance creation, it cannot be set or changed after the instance has been created.

* `..tags    fingerprint=lorem`
    - Specifies a fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the tags&#39; contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update tags. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change tags.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make get() request to the instance.
* `items=dolor`
    - An array of tags. Each tag must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.


* `...    self-link=amet.`
    - [Output Only] The URL for this instance template. The server defines this URL.
* `source-instance=sed`
    - The source instance used to create the template. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource. For example, the following are valid values:  
        - https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/zones/zone/instances/instance 
        - projects/project/zones/zone/instances/instance


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
