Updates an instance&#39;s network interface. This method follows PATCH semantics.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> instances update-network-interface ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
* **&lt;zone&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the zone for this request.
* **&lt;instance&gt;** *(string)*
    - The instance name for this request.
* **&lt;network-interface&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the network interface to update.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
NetworkInterface:
  fingerprint: string
  kind: string
  name: string
  network: string
  network-ip: string
  subnetwork: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    fingerprint=lorem`
    - Fingerprint hash of contents stored in this network interface. This field will be ignored when inserting an Instance or adding a NetworkInterface. An up-to-date fingerprint must be provided in order to update the NetworkInterface.
* `kind=takimata`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#networkInterface for network interfaces.
* `name=sanctus`
    - [Output Only] The name of the network interface, generated by the server. For network devices, these are eth0, eth1, etc.
* `network=rebum.`
    - URL of the network resource for this instance. When creating an instance, if neither the network nor the subnetwork is specified, the default network global/networks/default is used; if the network is not specified but the subnetwork is specified, the network is inferred.
        
        This field is optional when creating a firewall rule. If not specified when creating a firewall rule, the default network global/networks/default is used.
        
        If you specify this property, you can specify the network as a full or partial URL. For example, the following are all valid URLs:  
        - https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/global/networks/network 
        - projects/project/global/networks/network 
        - global/networks/default
* `network-ip=invidunt`
    - An IPv4 internal network address to assign to the instance for this network interface. If not specified by the user, an unused internal IP is assigned by the system.
* `subnetwork=no`
    - The URL of the Subnetwork resource for this instance. If the network resource is in legacy mode, do not provide this property. If the network is in auto subnet mode, providing the subnetwork is optional. If the network is in custom subnet mode, then this field should be specified. If you specify this property, you can specify the subnetwork as a full or partial URL. For example, the following are all valid URLs:  
        - https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/regions/region/subnetworks/subnetwork 
        - regions/region/subnetworks/subnetwork


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
