Creates a snapshot of this regional disk.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `compute1 --scope <scope> region-disks create-snapshot ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - Project ID for this request.
* **&lt;region&gt;** *(string)*
    - Name of the region for this request.
* **&lt;disk&gt;** *(string)*
    - Name of the regional persistent disk to snapshot.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Snapshot:
  creation-timestamp: string
  description: string
  disk-size-gb: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  label-fingerprint: string
  labels: { string: string }
  license-codes: [string]
  licenses: [string]
  name: string
  self-link: string
  snapshot-encryption-key:
    kms-key-name: string
    raw-key: string
    sha256: string
  source-disk: string
  source-disk-encryption-key:
    kms-key-name: string
    raw-key: string
    sha256: string
  source-disk-id: string
  status: string
  storage-bytes: string
  storage-bytes-status: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    creation-timestamp=tempor`
    - [Output Only] Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `description=aliquyam`
    - An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
* `disk-size-gb=amet`
    - [Output Only] Size of the snapshot, specified in GB.
* `id=amet.`
    - [Output Only] The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.
* `kind=sadipscing`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#snapshot for Snapshot resources.
* `label-fingerprint=ea`
    - A fingerprint for the labels being applied to this snapshot, which is essentially a hash of the labels set used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update labels. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change labels.
        
        To see the latest fingerprint, make a get() request to retrieve a snapshot.
* `labels=key=nonumy`
    - Labels to apply to this snapshot. These can be later modified by the setLabels method. Label values may be empty.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `license-codes=eirmod`
    - [Output Only] Integer license codes indicating which licenses are attached to this snapshot.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `licenses=clita`
    - [Output Only] A list of public visible licenses that apply to this snapshot. This can be because the original image had licenses attached (such as a Windows image).
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `name=ut`
    - Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `self-link=invidunt`
    - [Output Only] Server-defined URL for the resource.
* `snapshot-encryption-key    kms-key-name=nonumy`
    - The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
* `raw-key=at`
    - Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
* `sha256=nonumy`
    - [Output only] The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied encryption key that protects this resource.

* `..    source-disk=eirmod`
    - [Output Only] The source disk used to create this snapshot.
* `source-disk-encryption-key    kms-key-name=sit`
    - The name of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
* `raw-key=sed`
    - Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource.
* `sha256=diam`
    - [Output only] The RFC 4648 base64 encoded SHA-256 hash of the customer-supplied encryption key that protects this resource.

* `..    source-disk-id=at`
    - [Output Only] The ID value of the disk used to create this snapshot. This value may be used to determine whether the snapshot was taken from the current or a previous instance of a given disk name.
* `status=takimata`
    - [Output Only] The status of the snapshot. This can be CREATING, DELETING, FAILED, READY, or UPLOADING.
* `storage-bytes=et`
    - [Output Only] A size of the storage used by the snapshot. As snapshots share storage, this number is expected to change with snapshot creation/deletion.
* `storage-bytes-status=sed`
    - [Output Only] An indicator whether storageBytes is in a stable state or it is being adjusted as a result of shared storage reallocation. This status can either be UPDATING, meaning the size of the snapshot is being updated, or UP_TO_DATE, meaning the size of the snapshot is up-to-date.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p request-id=string**
    - An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to ignore the request if it has already been completed.
        
        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and the request times out. If you make the request again with the same request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request. This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.
        
        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
