Updates a contact in place.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for the *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/glass.timeline* scope to make a valid call.

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/glass.timeline*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `mirror1 --scope <scope> contacts update ...`
# Required Scalar Argument
* **&lt;id&gt;** *(string)*
    - The ID of the contact.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Contact:
  accept-types: [string]
  display-name: string
  id: string
  image-urls: [string]
  kind: string
  phone-number: string
  priority: integer
  sharing-features: [string]
  source: string
  speakable-name: string
  type: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    accept-types=et`
    - A list of MIME types that a contact supports. The contact will be shown to the user if any of its acceptTypes matches any of the types of the attachments on the item. If no acceptTypes are given, the contact will be shown for all items.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `display-name=diam`
    - The name to display for this contact.
* `id=ipsum`
    - An ID for this contact. This is generated by the application and is treated as an opaque token.
* `image-urls=lorem`
    - Set of image URLs to display for a contact. Most contacts will have a single image, but a &#34;group&#34; contact may include up to 8 image URLs and they will be resized and cropped into a mosaic on the client.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `kind=et`
    - The type of resource. This is always mirror#contact.
* `phone-number=duo`
    - Primary phone number for the contact. This can be a fully-qualified number, with country calling code and area code, or a local number.
* `priority=69`
    - Priority for the contact to determine ordering in a list of contacts. Contacts with higher priorities will be shown before ones with lower priorities.
* `sharing-features=sea`
    - A list of sharing features that a contact can handle. Allowed values are:  
        - ADD_CAPTION
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `source=lorem`
    - The ID of the application that created this contact. This is populated by the API
* `speakable-name=eos`
    - Name of this contact as it should be pronounced. If this contact&#39;s name must be spoken as part of a voice disambiguation menu, this name is used as the expected pronunciation. This is useful for contact names with unpronounceable characters or whose display spelling is otherwise not phonetic.
* `type=erat`
    - The type for this contact. This is used for sorting in UIs. Allowed values are:  
        - INDIVIDUAL - Represents a single person. This is the default. 
        - GROUP - Represents more than a single person.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
