Creates a new subscription.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for the *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/glass.timeline* scope to make a valid call.

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/glass.timeline*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `mirror1 --scope <scope> subscriptions insert ...`
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Subscription:
  callback-url: string
  collection: string
  id: string
  kind: string
  notification:
    collection: string
    item-id: string
    operation: string
    user-token: string
    verify-token: string
  operation: [string]
  updated: string
  user-token: string
  verify-token: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    callback-url=sadipscing`
    - The URL where notifications should be delivered (must start with https://).
* `collection=dolor`
    - The collection to subscribe to. Allowed values are:  
        - timeline - Changes in the timeline including insertion, deletion, and updates. 
        - locations - Location updates. 
        - settings - Settings updates.
* `id=eirmod`
    - The ID of the subscription.
* `kind=elitr`
    - The type of resource. This is always mirror#subscription.
* `notification    collection=amet`
    - The collection that generated the notification.
* `item-id=no`
    - The ID of the item that generated the notification.
* `operation=labore`
    - The type of operation that generated the notification.
* `user-token=eirmod`
    - The user token provided by the service when it subscribed for notifications.
* `verify-token=dolore`
    - The secret verify token provided by the service when it subscribed for notifications.

* `..    operation=invidunt`
    - A list of operations that should be subscribed to. An empty list indicates that all operations on the collection should be subscribed to. Allowed values are:  
        - UPDATE - The item has been updated. 
        - INSERT - A new item has been inserted. 
        - DELETE - The item has been deleted. 
        - MENU_ACTION - A custom menu item has been triggered by the user.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `updated=aliquyam`
    - The time at which this subscription was last modified, formatted according to RFC 3339.
* `user-token=accusam`
    - An opaque token sent to the subscriber in notifications so that it can determine the ID of the user.
* `verify-token=lorem`
    - A secret token sent to the subscriber in notifications so that it can verify that the notification was generated by Google.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
