Updates a deployment and all of the resources described by the deployment manifest. This method supports patch semantics.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/ndev.cloudman*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `deploymentmanager2 --scope <scope> deployments patch ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;project&gt;** *(string)*
    - The project ID for this request.
* **&lt;deployment&gt;** *(string)*
    - The name of the deployment for this request.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Deployment:
  description: string
  fingerprint: string
  id: string
  insert-time: string
  manifest: string
  name: string
  operation:
    client-operation-id: string
    creation-timestamp: string
    description: string
    end-time: string
    http-error-message: string
    http-error-status-code: integer
    id: string
    insert-time: string
    kind: string
    name: string
    operation-type: string
    progress: integer
    region: string
    self-link: string
    start-time: string
    status: string
    status-message: string
    target-id: string
    target-link: string
    user: string
    zone: string
  self-link: string
  target:
    config:
      content: string
  update:
    description: string
    manifest: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    description=lorem`
    - An optional user-provided description of the deployment.
* `fingerprint=eos`
    - Provides a fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment, such as update(), stop(), and cancelPreview() requests. A fingerprint is a randomly generated value that must be provided with update(), stop(), and cancelPreview() requests to perform optimistic locking. This ensures optimistic concurrency so that only one request happens at a time.
        
        The fingerprint is initially generated by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. To get the latest fingerprint value, perform a get() request to a deployment.
* `id=erat`
    - Output only. Unique identifier for the resource; defined by the server.
* `insert-time=sadipscing`
    - Output only. Timestamp when the deployment was created, in RFC3339 text format .
* `manifest=dolor`
    - Output only. URL of the manifest representing the last manifest that was successfully deployed.
* `name=eirmod`
    - Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `operation    client-operation-id=elitr`
    - [Output Only] The value of `requestId` if you provided it in the request. Not present otherwise.
* `creation-timestamp=amet`
    - [Deprecated] This field is deprecated.
* `description=no`
    - [Output Only] A textual description of the operation, which is set when the operation is created.
* `end-time=labore`
    - [Output Only] The time that this operation was completed. This value is in RFC3339 text format.
* `http-error-message=eirmod`
    - [Output Only] If the operation fails, this field contains the HTTP error message that was returned, such as NOT FOUND.
* `http-error-status-code=68`
    - [Output Only] If the operation fails, this field contains the HTTP error status code that was returned. For example, a 404 means the resource was not found.
* `id=invidunt`
    - [Output Only] The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.
* `insert-time=aliquyam`
    - [Output Only] The time that this operation was requested. This value is in RFC3339 text format.
* `kind=accusam`
    - [Output Only] Type of the resource. Always compute#operation for Operation resources.
* `name=lorem`
    - [Output Only] Name of the resource.
* `operation-type=sea`
    - [Output Only] The type of operation, such as insert, update, or delete, and so on.
* `progress=80`
    - [Output Only] An optional progress indicator that ranges from 0 to 100. There is no requirement that this be linear or support any granularity of operations. This should not be used to guess when the operation will be complete. This number should monotonically increase as the operation progresses.
* `region=duo`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the region where the operation resides. Only available when performing regional operations. You must specify this field as part of the HTTP request URL. It is not settable as a field in the request body.
* `self-link=et`
    - [Output Only] Server-defined URL for the resource.
* `start-time=eirmod`
    - [Output Only] The time that this operation was started by the server. This value is in RFC3339 text format.
* `status=sanctus`
    - [Output Only] The status of the operation, which can be one of the following: PENDING, RUNNING, or DONE.
* `status-message=et`
    - [Output Only] An optional textual description of the current status of the operation.
* `target-id=amet`
    - [Output Only] The unique target ID, which identifies a specific incarnation of the target resource.
* `target-link=et`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the resource that the operation modifies. For operations related to creating a snapshot, this points to the persistent disk that the snapshot was created from.
* `user=consetetur`
    - [Output Only] User who requested the operation, for example: user@example.com.
* `zone=ut`
    - [Output Only] The URL of the zone where the operation resides. Only available when performing per-zone operations. You must specify this field as part of the HTTP request URL. It is not settable as a field in the request body.

* `..    self-link=ea`
    - Output only. Self link for the deployment.
* `target.config    content=sed`
    - The contents of the file.


* `...update    description=dolor`
    - Output only. An optional user-provided description of the deployment after the current update has been applied.
* `manifest=dolor`
    - Output only. URL of the manifest representing the update configuration of this deployment.



### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional Method Properties

You may set the following properties to further configure the call. Please note that `-p` is followed by one 
or more key-value-pairs, and is called like this `-p k1=v1 k2=v2` even though the listing below repeats the
`-p` for completeness.

* **-p delete-policy=string**
    - Sets the policy to use for deleting resources.

* **-p preview=boolean**
    - If set to true, updates the deployment and creates and updates the &#34;shell&#34; resources but does not actually alter or instantiate these resources. This allows you to preview what your deployment will look like. You can use this intent to preview how an update would affect your deployment. You must provide a target.config with a configuration if this is set to true. After previewing a deployment, you can deploy your resources by making a request with the update() or you can cancelPreview() to remove the preview altogether. Note that the deployment will still exist after you cancel the preview and you must separately delete this deployment if you want to remove it.

* **-p create-policy=string**
    - Sets the policy to use for creating new resources.

# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
