Add a new media item to an album. The current upload size limitations are 36MB for a photo and 1GB for a video. Uploads do not count against quota if photos are less than 2048 pixels on their longest side or videos are less than 15 minutes in length.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/plus.login*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/plus.me*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/plus.media.upload*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/plus.login*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `plusdomains1 --scope <scope> media insert ...`
# Required Scalar Arguments
* **&lt;user-id&gt;** *(string)*
    - The ID of the user to create the activity on behalf of.
* **&lt;collection&gt;** *(string)*
    - No description provided.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
Media:
  author:
    display-name: string
    id: string
    image:
      url: string
    url: string
  display-name: string
  etag: string
  exif:
    time: string
  height: integer
  id: string
  kind: string
  media-created-time: string
  media-url: string
  published: string
  size-bytes: string
  summary: string
  updated: string
  url: string
  video-duration: string
  video-status: string
  width: integer

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .author    display-name=at`
    - The author&#39;s name.
* `id=labore`
    - ID of the author.
* `image    url=invidunt`
    - The URL of the author&#39;s profile photo. To resize the image and crop it to a square, append the query string ?sz=x, where x is the dimension in pixels of each side.

* `..    url=ea`
    - A link to the author&#39;s Google profile.

* `..    display-name=sadipscing`
    - The display name for this media.
* `etag=rebum.`
    - ETag of this response for caching purposes.
* `exif    time=dolore`
    - The time the media was captured. Formatted as an RFC 3339 timestamp.

* `..    height=60`
    - The height in pixels of the original image.
* `id=sed`
    - ID of this media, which is generated by the API.
* `kind=aliquyam`
    - The type of resource.
* `media-created-time=sit`
    - The time at which this media was originally created in UTC. Formatted as an RFC 3339 timestamp that matches this example: 2010-11-25T14:30:27.655Z
* `media-url=eirmod`
    - The URL of this photo or video&#39;s still image.
* `published=consetetur`
    - The time at which this media was uploaded. Formatted as an RFC 3339 timestamp.
* `size-bytes=labore`
    - The size in bytes of this video.
* `summary=sed`
    - A description, or caption, for this media.
* `updated=ea`
    - The time at which this media was last updated. This includes changes to media metadata. Formatted as an RFC 3339 timestamp.
* `url=gubergren`
    - The URL for the page that hosts this media.
* `video-duration=aliquyam`
    - The duration in milliseconds of this video.
* `video-status=eos`
    - The encoding status of this video. Possible values are:  
        - &#34;UPLOADING&#34; - Not all the video bytes have been received. 
        - &#34;PENDING&#34; - Video not yet processed. 
        - &#34;FAILED&#34; - Video processing failed. 
        - &#34;READY&#34; - A single video stream is playable. 
        - &#34;FINAL&#34; - All video streams are playable.
* `width=63`
    - The width in pixels of the original image.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.

# Required Upload Flags

This method supports the upload of data, which *requires* all of the following flags to be set:

* **-u (simple|resumable)**
    - **simple** - Upload media all at once.
    - **resumable** - Upload media in a resumable fashion.
* **-f file**
    - Path to file to upload. It must be seekable.

The following flag *may* be set: 

* **-m mime**
    - the mime type, like 'application/octet-stream', which is the default


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for the response.

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - An opaque string that represents a user for quota purposes. Must not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p user-ip=string**
    - Deprecated. Please use quotaUser instead.
