Uploads the specified SSL certificate.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for the *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform* scope to make a valid call.

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `appengine1 --scope <scope> apps authorized-certificates-create ...`
# Required Scalar Argument
* **&lt;apps-id&gt;** *(string)*
    - Part of `parent`. Name of the parent Application resource. Example: apps/myapp.
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
AuthorizedCertificate:
  certificate-raw-data:
    private-key: string
    public-certificate: string
  display-name: string
  domain-mappings-count: integer
  domain-names: [string]
  expire-time: string
  id: string
  managed-certificate:
    last-renewal-time: string
    status: string
  name: string
  visible-domain-mappings: [string]

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .certificate-raw-data    private-key=eirmod`
    - Unencrypted PEM encoded RSA private key. This field is set once on certificate creation and then encrypted. The key size must be 2048 bits or fewer. Must include the header and footer. Example: &lt;pre&gt; -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY----- &lt;unencrypted_key_value&gt; -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY----- &lt;/pre&gt; @InputOnly
* `public-certificate=sit`
    - PEM encoded x.509 public key certificate. This field is set once on certificate creation. Must include the header and footer. Example: &lt;pre&gt; -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- &lt;certificate_value&gt; -----END CERTIFICATE----- &lt;/pre&gt;

* `..    display-name=stet`
    - The user-specified display name of the certificate. This is not guaranteed to be unique. Example: My Certificate.
* `domain-mappings-count=59`
    - Aggregate count of the domain mappings with this certificate mapped. This count includes domain mappings on applications for which the user does not have VIEWER permissions.Only returned by GET or LIST requests when specifically requested by the view=FULL_CERTIFICATE option.@OutputOnly
* `domain-names=et`
    - Topmost applicable domains of this certificate. This certificate applies to these domains and their subdomains. Example: example.com.@OutputOnly
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `expire-time=dolores`
    - The time when this certificate expires. To update the renewal time on this certificate, upload an SSL certificate with a different expiration time using AuthorizedCertificates.UpdateAuthorizedCertificate.@OutputOnly
* `id=kasd`
    - Relative name of the certificate. This is a unique value autogenerated on AuthorizedCertificate resource creation. Example: 12345.@OutputOnly
* `managed-certificate    last-renewal-time=accusam`
    - Time at which the certificate was last renewed. The renewal process is fully managed. Certificate renewal will automatically occur before the certificate expires. Renewal errors can be tracked via ManagementStatus.@OutputOnly
* `status=takimata`
    - Status of certificate management. Refers to the most recent certificate acquisition or renewal attempt.@OutputOnly

* `..    name=justo`
    - Full path to the AuthorizedCertificate resource in the API. Example: apps/myapp/authorizedCertificates/12345.@OutputOnly
* `visible-domain-mappings=amet.`
    - The full paths to user visible Domain Mapping resources that have this certificate mapped. Example: apps/myapp/domainMappings/example.com.This may not represent the full list of mapped domain mappings if the user does not have VIEWER permissions on all of the applications that have this certificate mapped. See domain_mappings_count for a complete count.Only returned by GET or LIST requests when specifically requested by the view=FULL_CERTIFICATE option.@OutputOnly
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p $-xgafv=string**
    - V1 error format.

* **-p access-token=string**
    - OAuth access token.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for response.

* **-p callback=string**
    - JSONP

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p upload-type=string**
    - Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;media&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).

* **-p upload-protocol=string**
    - Upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;raw&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).
