Creates variant data by asynchronously importing the provided information.

The variants for import will be merged with any existing variant that
matches its reference sequence, start, end, reference bases, and
alternative bases. If no such variant exists, a new one will be created.

When variants are merged, the call information from the new variant
is added to the existing variant, and Variant info fields are merged
as specified in
infoMergeConfig.
As a special case, for single-sample VCF files, QUAL and FILTER fields will
be moved to the call level; these are sometimes interpreted in a
call-specific context.
Imported VCF headers are appended to the metadata already in a variant set.
# Scopes

You will need authorization for at least one of the following scopes to make a valid call:

* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write*
* *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/genomics*

If unset, the scope for this method defaults to *https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform*.
You can set the scope for this method like this: `genomics1 --scope <scope> variants import ...`
# Required Request Value

The request value is a data-structure with various fields. Each field may be a simple scalar or another data-structure.
In the latter case it is advised to set the field-cursor to the data-structure's field to specify values more concisely.

For example, a structure like this:
```
ImportVariantsRequest:
  format: string
  info-merge-config: { string: string }
  normalize-reference-names: boolean
  source-uris: [string]
  variant-set-id: string

```

can be set completely with the following arguments which are assumed to be executed in the given order. Note how the cursor position is adjusted to the respective structures, allowing simple field names to be used most of the time.

* `-r .    format=ut`
    - The format of the variant data being imported. If unspecified, defaults to
        to `VCF`.
* `info-merge-config=key=dolores`
    - A mapping between info field keys and the InfoMergeOperations to
        be performed on them. This is plumbed down to the MergeVariantRequests
        generated by the resulting import job.
    - the value will be associated with the given `key`
* `normalize-reference-names=true`
    - Convert reference names to the canonical representation.
        hg19 haploytypes (those reference names containing &#34;_hap&#34;)
        are not modified in any way.
        All other reference names are modified according to the following rules:
        The reference name is capitalized.
        The &#34;chr&#34; prefix is dropped for all autosomes and sex chromsomes.
        For example &#34;chr17&#34; becomes &#34;17&#34; and &#34;chrX&#34; becomes &#34;X&#34;.
        All mitochondrial chromosomes (&#34;chrM&#34;, &#34;chrMT&#34;, etc) become &#34;MT&#34;.
* `source-uris=voluptua.`
    - A list of URIs referencing variant files in Google Cloud Storage. URIs can
        include wildcards [as described
        here](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil/addlhelp/WildcardNames).
        Note that recursive wildcards (&#39;**&#39;) are not supported.
    - Each invocation of this argument appends the given value to the array.
* `variant-set-id=duo`
    - Required. The variant set to which variant data should be imported.


### About Cursors

The cursor position is key to comfortably set complex nested structures. The following rules apply:

* The cursor position is always set relative to the current one, unless the field name starts with the `.` character. Fields can be nested such as in `-r f.s.o` .
* The cursor position is set relative to the top-level structure if it starts with `.`, e.g. `-r .s.s`
* You can also set nested fields without setting the cursor explicitly. For example, to set a value relative to the current cursor position, you would specify `-r struct.sub_struct=bar`.
* You can move the cursor one level up by using `..`. Each additional `.` moves it up one additional level. E.g. `...` would go three levels up.


# Optional Output Flags

The method's return value a JSON encoded structure, which will be written to standard output by default.

* **-o out**
    - *out* specifies the *destination* to which to write the server's result to.
      It will be a JSON-encoded structure.
      The *destination* may be `-` to indicate standard output, or a filepath that is to contain the received bytes.
      If unset, it defaults to standard output.
# Optional General Properties

The following properties can configure any call, and are not specific to this method.

* **-p $-xgafv=string**
    - V1 error format.

* **-p access-token=string**
    - OAuth access token.

* **-p alt=string**
    - Data format for response.

* **-p callback=string**
    - JSONP

* **-p fields=string**
    - Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.

* **-p key=string**
    - API key. Your API key identifies your project and provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.

* **-p oauth-token=string**
    - OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.

* **-p pretty-print=boolean**
    - Returns response with indentations and line breaks.

* **-p quota-user=string**
    - Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.

* **-p upload-type=string**
    - Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;media&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).

* **-p upload-protocol=string**
    - Upload protocol for media (e.g. &#34;raw&#34;, &#34;multipart&#34;).
